and yes la primera Sun and Moon look is
a sustainer solamente con ella here in
about myself and with a blade we have to
have the model for sustainability now
they're letting them drill in the Canary
Islands it's so nice to be able to get
in touch with nature we're all caught up
in our day-to-day lives and it's not
even real the only thing that is real is
right now
there's a little baby beaver just
cruising and how often is that actually
going to happen beautiful marshland
which is river and lakes and animals
plums right off the tree no I love
picking food off the tree and it's
basically like like my church and my
playground all wrapped up in one
you feel real and if there's any
pollution you don't see it everything we
have comes from the environment our food
surfing my my joy my passion and if the
ocean is polluted then we can't go in
the water nazaret has the thousand-foot
trench right off the coat right there
again so it is somewhat takes care of
any pollution that goes in there but it
can only can handle so much all I want
to do is write a big weight just
consumed by big-wave riding the first
day I got there I saw the biggest waves
I've ever seen it was some Nicole and I
a couple of the guys from the town and
one photographer 100% heart nobody's
making any money we were just doing cuz
we loved it for the for the just for the
love of it
Oh
once I get one of those big layers I
just feel alive and then if you get the
right one it's the most amazing feeling
there is
in Nazeri my new job is the security but
also choosing which way and which ones
are coming which ones are the biggest
which ones are the best it's a big
responsibility but as long as he listens
I don't worry about him
the last few years I've really been
digging deep and tapping into nature
becoming one somewhat with nature and if
your present you're in the moment so
you're connected to what's going on and
you're protected and you're also
inviting everything to you
I will be continuing to ride giant waves
in our next year we're actually main
focus is working with the children and
environmental education and just through
the big waves through my passion will be
conveying that message the whole world
the environment is deteriorating rapidly
we do a beach cleanup with the children
but it's mostly to educate them because
education is everything and what's going
on in the Canary Islands it's a model
for sustainability and all of a sudden
they're letting them drill 8 miles off
the coast
as things deteriorate so it will e human
race so we all gotta live live by
example and do our best everybody should
take a stand and stop the drilling in
Canary Islands